In our previous lecture we created a VPC.
But to state that again we're going to be developing our application until the end then we're going
to launch everything at once with our application.
So as you saw with our BPC creation as you can see Amazon is not giving the PC an option to provide
a name.
You have to provide the name for your replies.
After you create or PPC this is somehow a weird way to give a name to your resource in a WSP PC.
But anyways we will have to provide a name so that we can distinguish our ypc from the everything else.
To do that there is a method in both of API our AWOS API to tag resources in easy to this Methodius
create Tagamet it.
So let's just write down a method within our PC so that we can use this method in a generic way to tag
any of the resources that we want to attack within AWOS is the perspective.
So I'm going to go down below and I'll say add name tag and this method is expecting a resource ID and
or a resource name.
Let me just type that method in and you're going to see what I'm trying to say.
Self.
Client create tags.
And as you can see it is expecting a list of resources or resource IDs and Danni's is expecting also
the tags that you want to attach to those resources.
All right.
So let's just get the resource ID because I'm going to attach the tags the to the resources one by one
and also the resource name because we want to tap this resource.
Its Name.
So let's just apply the changes to our resources on J-ws.
The first thing is the resources for the resources.
The API is expecting a list of resources.
But since we want to attach the tags or named resources one by one I'm just going to provide a list
of one.
And let's just provide elso the tax.
The most important part of what we're going to provide and for the tax it is also expecting a list but
within that list we have to be providing a multiple well-you elements so instead of that I'm going to
provide a single dictionary.
So I'm going to say the key for that task is going to be name of course and the value for that name
tag is going to be the name of the resource.
Simple as that.
And let's just also print out a nice little message that we're adding a tag to a resource.
So let's say adding resource name tak to the.
And let's just provide the resource ID and seems like we have a typo there.
And let's just fix all those
and here we go.
So the next thing we would do is we will take the response from the Create BPC method as we called with
in here as the PC response we get from a of us as you can see and we're going to take the PC ID from
that response and then we're going to attach the tag to that BPC as the name of it.
So let's just go down below and let's just put a add name tag to the PC comment here and then what I'm
going to do is I'm going to say BPC name.
Yes going to be both.
Three PC just like that.
And the next thing that I want to do is I want to extract the the PC ID from the PC response and the
way to do is as you can see here we're receiving a dictionary object in the Python language.
So we first have to take the PC and then within that dictionary there is another dictionary and inside
that dictionary we have the UPC ID.
So what we're going to do is we're going to first get the VPC and then we're going to retrieve the BPC.
Id just like that.
This is going to give us the necessary information that we need to add the tag to the CPC.
So the last thing we're going to do is we're going to call the ADD name tag method.
And of course we're going to provide the BPC ID as the resource ID and for the name of course we're
going to call it with the UPC name just like that.
This is going to attach and name for our PC.
And let's also print out added the PC name to
and PC Id just like that.